New Claude skills 2.0 is insane. So
Claude just dropped something and nobody
is talking about it yet. It is called
Skills 2.0 and honestly this changes
everything. We are talking about AI that
tests itself, fixes itself and builds on
top of itself. You set it up once, it
runs on its own. No handholding, no
going back and fixing stuff every 5
minutes. I am going to break down
exactly what this is, how you can use it
today. And there is a specific structure
I am going to give you near the end that
makes this thing work almost perfectly
every time. Do not skip ahead. Let me
walk you through it. So picture this. A
skill inside Claude is basically a
folder. That is it. Nothing fancy.
Inside that folder, you have got three
things. Number one, a file called
skill.md. Think of it like a set of
directions. It tells Claude exactly what
to do and how to do it. Plain text.
Super simple. Number two, reference
materials. These are things like
templates, examples, and data that
Claude pulls from when doing the work.
Number three, scripts. Little bits of
code that handle the heavy stuff like
processing data or building files. You
put those three pieces together and
you've got a reusable AI workflow. Build
it once. Claude follows it every single
time you run it. That alone is powerful,
but Skills 2.0 takes it way further. And
I promise you, what comes next is the
part that matters. Hey, if we haven't
met already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. Okay, so
Skills 2.0 brought three big upgrades.
Let me hit each one. First up, evals.
This is wild. Claude can now test your
skill before you ever use it for real.
You feed it sample inputs. Claude runs
through the skill and it checks whether
the output actually matches what you
wanted. If something is off, it tells
you. Think about what that means. Your
AI workflow gets a quality check built
in. You do not have to guess if it
works, you know. Second upgrade, auto
refinement. This one is my favorite.
Claude does not just find the problem,
it goes ahead and fixes it based on what
the eval showed. Claude rewrites and
improves the skill.md file on its own.
Your skill literally gets better over
time without you touching it. That is
not a tool anymore. That is a system
that improves itself. Huge difference.
Third upgrade, composability. This means
you can take multiple skills and stack
them together. One skill does research,
another one writes, another one formats.
You chain them up and now you've got a
full multi-step AI agent running start
to finish. And here is what is cool. All
of this works across Claude.ai, Claude
Code, the Claude API. It works on Pro,
Max, Team, and Enterprise plans. And it
is secure. Claude only loads the parts
of a skill it actually needs. Nothing
extra gets pulled in. Now, before I show
you how to build one, I want to stop
here for a second. If you are creating
all this content and building these AI
systems, but nobody is finding your
business online, you have a traffic
problem. That is exactly what SEO fixes.
If you want more leads, more traffic,
and more customers, my team can help you
rank higher on Google. Check the link in
the comments and description to order
AICO online and let us handle your back
links while you focus on growing your
business. And if you want to rank number
one on Google and get more customers,
join the SEO elite circle. That is where
we teach you exactly how this works. No
theory, no recycled tips, just the exact
AI SEO systems we are using right now.
We break everything down step by step
with real workflows, weekly live
support, and clear actions you can
follow without guessing. If you are
serious about scaling with SEO and AI,
this is where you start. Hit the link in
the description and join the SEO elite
circle today. Okay, so let me show you
how to build a skill from scratch. There
is a tool called the skill creator and
it lives right inside Claude. No
downloads, no installs. Here is the
process. First, you open Claude and say
you want to create a new skill. Second,
you describe what the skill should do.
And you want to be detailed here. The
more you give it, the better it builds.
Let me show you what I mean with a real
example. Say I want to build a landing
page for the AI profit boardroom. Here
is the exact prompt I would use. Create
a skill that writes high converting
landing page copy for the AI profit
boardroom. The page should explain what
AI automation is and why it matters.
Show the value of joining a community of
business owners who are using AI to save
time and get more done. Highlight the
biggest benefits and end with a call to
action that makes people want to sign up
right now. Keep it clear and direct with
zero fluff. Claude takes that and builds
out the fullkill.md file. It suggests
templates. It sets up the whole
structure for you. Third step, run the
evals. Give Claude a few test inputs and
let it run through the skill. For the
landing page example, you could test it
with different angles like a free trial
offer or a premium membership pitch or a
new feature launch. Claude runs each
one, shows you the output, and if
something is not right, it flags it.
Then auto refinement kicks in and
updates the skill automatically. You did
not have to go back and rewrite
anything. Four steps, stack it. This is
where composability comes in. For the AI
profit boardroom, I would stack the
landing page skill with a traffic
research skill and an email follow-up
skill. Now, I have got a full system.
One input goes in, a landing page, a
traffic plan, and a follow-up email
sequence come out. That is not one task
anymore. That is an entire workflow
running on AI. Now, here is something
that most people are going to ignore and
they should not. Benchmarking.
Skills 2.0 has benchmarking with
variance analysis built in. What that
means is you can run your skill multiple
times on the exact same input and
measure how consistent the results are.
If the outputs look different every
time, something in your instructions
needs work, the benchmarking tool tells
you exactly where the problem is. For
the AI profit boardroom landing page
skill, I would run it five times on the
same brief. Then I check if the tone
stays the same, if the structure holds,
if the messaging is consistent. When you
are running a business, you need
reliability. Benchmarking gives you
that. Now, here is the structure I
promised you. This is the exact layout
for your skill.md file that makes Claude
follow it almost perfectly. You need
four things. First, a name and
description at the top. One or two
sentences that tell Claude exactly what
this skill does. Second, a step-by-step
process. Claude is way better at
following numbered steps than reading
big blocks of text. Third, examples of
what good output looks like. When Claude
can see the target, it hits the target.
Fourth, rules and constraints. Tell
Claude what not to do. No fluff, no
jargon, no formal language. Always end
with a call to action. Here is a
template you can steal right now. Name:
landing page writer for AI profit
boardroom. Goal: Write a landing page
that explains AI automation, shows the
value of the community, and drives
signups. Steps. One, write a headline
that speaks directly to the target
audience. Two, write three to five
benefit focus points. Three, write a
short section on who this is for. Four,
write a strong call to action. Example
headline, automate your business with AI
and get more customers without working
more hours. Rules: Keep it simple. No
corporate speak. Every single line
should make the reader want to keep
reading. That is the template. Simple,
specific, and it works. So, let me wrap
this up. Claude Skills 2.0 lets you
build reusable AI workflows with a
skill.md file, reference materials, and
scripts. The three upgrades are eval,
auto refinement for fixing, and
composability for stacking skills into
full AI systems. You build with the
skill creator inside Claude. Run evals.
Let auto refinement do its thing and
stack skills to build systems that
actually run your business. The people
who set this up now are going to be
miles ahead of everyone else in 6
months. That is just how it works. The
earlier you build, the more it
compounds. And if you are creating all
this content and building these AI
systems, but nobody is finding your
business online, you have a traffic
problem. That is exactly what SEO fixes.
If you want more leads, more traffic,
and more customers, my team can help you
rank higher on Google. Check the link in
the comments and description to order AI
SEO online and let us handle your back
links while you focus on growing your
business. And if you want to rank number
one on Google and get more customers,
join the SEO elite circle. That is where
we teach you exactly how this works. No
theory, no recycled tips, just the exact
AI SEO systems we are using right now.
We break everything down step by step
with real workflows, weekly live
support, and clear actions you can
follow without guessing. If you are
serious about scaling with SEO and AI,
this is where you start. Hit the link in
the description and join the SEO Elite
Circle today. All right, thanks for
watching. Hit the like and subscribe
button.